= TagTeam

TagTeam is an RSS / Atom / RDF aggregator with the ability to filter and remix its input feeds with a high degree of flexibility. 

Items can be added directly to TagTeam "bookmarking collections" via the provided delicious-like bookmarklet, and these items can be remixed and filtered like any other item.

TagTeam can aggregate content from anything that emits RSS, Atom, or RDF. This includes delicious, zotero, WordPress, twitter, mediawiki, connotea, blogger, github, and too many other applications and services to mention.

Remixed feeds are available as RSS 2.0, Atom, and jsonp output and can be viewed directly in a hub. 

Tag filters can be applied at different levels to allow hub owners to maintain a consistent collection of tags - you can take messy tags in and give clean tags out. 

TagTeam can be many things to many people, allowing you to ignore or utilize its many features depending on what you need to. Examples:

* It can aggregate RSS feeds and simply give you a Planet-like collection of items from many sources,
* It can be your own delicious-like bookmarking platform,
* It can help you find items via its built-in search engine and through its support of "more like this" queries,
* It can be a delivery platform to enable you to aggregate content and updates from all over your enterprise and all over the web as jsonp for use in web apps,
* It can collect data about the input sources you watch (as it keeps detailed changelogs of all content it collects) for later analysis,
* It can be a permanent archive of anything that emits formats TagTeam understands.

== Requirements

* postgres - though mysql should work with minimal changes, it's just not tested.
* redis - for resque background job processing
* java - for sunspot fulltext searching. This has been tested under openjdk-6-jre on multiple flavors of ubuntu
* ruby 1.9.3

== Installation

This is a fairly traditional rails 3.2 app that needs a java daemon and redis for job tracking / management. 

* Install ruby 1.9.3, rvm is probably your best choice.
* Install all requirements. Redis is really only being used as a job queue, so configuring it to write to disk isn't all that necessary.
* If you're using rvm, create a gemset to hold this application's gem environment
* git clone https://github.com:berkmancenter/taghub.git tagteam && cd tagteam && bundle
* Review config/environments/production.rb to set values that make sense for your domain. 
* Review config/initializers/devise.rb to set proper values- you probably want to fix the sender and the pepper for password encryption. 
* Set up config/database.yml to connect to your postgres database.
* export RAILS_ENV=production
* Set up databases and docs via "rake db:migrate && rake db:seed"
* rake sunspot:solr:start
* rake resque:work

== Links

  http://cyber.law.harvard.edu

== Contributors

* Dan Collis-Puro

== License

TagTeam is licensed under the AGPL 

== Copyright

2011 President and Fellows of Harvard College
